[12.0][ADD]purchase_order_incoterm_extend (#1250)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_order_incoterm_extend/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> - Add the "Incoterm Place" field to purchase order as supplementary information of the selected incoterm. The input value will show in the printed purchase order / incoterms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the "Incoterm Place" field to purchase order as supplementary information of the selected incoterm.
  The input value will show in the printed purchase order, together with the incoterm code.
```

Author: Edit it. Thank you.
